USWDS-Site: Add `uswds-init` note to Banner guidance (#1888)
uswds/uswds-site: _components/banner/guidance/implementation.md

- Some .mil websites do not belong to an official U.S. Department of Defense organization. These sites should adapt the **Official websites use .mil section** to use more technically accurate language: “A **.mil** website operates under the approval of the U.S. Department of Defense.”
- The banner should directly follow the `skipnav` component.
- Set the banner background color with `$theme-banner-background-color`. Banner text will update automatically.

{:.site-note}

> **Note:** We recommend using `uswds-init` when using `banner` to assist in preventing flashes of unstyled content as well as cumulative layout shift (CLS). This small JavaScript file (less than 1 KB minified) helps the browser know if the USWDS JavaScript library is loading properly.

Reviewer: If CLS gets an abbreviation it makes sense to add it to FOUC.

Author: Resolved in [1a72480](https://github.com/uswds/uswds-site/pull/1888/commits/1a724800888d5d1084544376675c923e5ab442d1)

> **Note:** We recommend using `uswds-init` when using `banner` to assist in preventing flashes of unstyled content (FOUC) as well as cumulative layout shift (CLS). This small JavaScript file (less than 1 KB minified) helps the browser know if the USWDS JavaScript library is loading properly.

Reviewer 2: Thinking it might add clarity to let people know right off the bat that `uswds-init` is a JS file. 

```suggestion
**Note:** We recommend using `uswds-init.js` when using `banner` to assist in preventing flashes of unstyled content (FOUC) as well as cumulative layout shift (CLS). This small JavaScript file (less than 1 KB minified) helps the browser know if the USWDS JavaScript library is loading properly.
```

> <br>Simply reference `uswds-init.min.js` in the `<head>` of your page, or inline its contents directly into the `<script>` tag.

Reviewer 2: Small suggestion. Might reduce confusion about needing a pre-existing script tag. 

```suggestion
<br>Simply reference `uswds-init.min.js` in the `<head>` of your page, or inline its contents directly into a `<script>` tag.
```

Reviewer 2: Additionally, it would be helpful if users knew where to find uswds-init.min.js and that they should add it to their site assets. This example is a bit clumsy, but I was thinking something like this: 

```suggestion
<br>To add `uswds-init` to your site, simply copy `uswds-init.min.js` from `dist/js` into your site assets and reference the file in the `<head>` of your page. Alternatively, you can inline its contents directly into a `<script>` tag on your page.
```

> <br>To add `uswds-init` to your site, simply copy `uswds-init.min.js` from `dist/js` into your site assets and reference the file in the `<head>` of your page. Alternatively, you can inline its contents directly into a `<script>` tag on your page.

Reviewer 2: Opportunity for a little more clarity about where to put this reference.
```suggestion
<br>To add `uswds-init` to your site, simply copy `uswds-init.min.js` from `dist/js` into your site assets and reference the file in the `<head>` of your HTML files. Alternatively, you can inline its contents directly into a `<script>` tag in your HTML files.
```
